= Shopping List API Documentation
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:

== Unit Service

Example requests and responses for the Unit Service.

=== Get all units

Response body fields
include::{snippets}/units/get-all-units/response-fields.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/units/get-all-units/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/units/get-all-units/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get unit by id

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/units/get-unit-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/units/get-unit-by-id/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/units/get-unit-by-id/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/units/get-unit-by-id/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/units/get-unit-by-id/http-response.adoc[]

== Section Service

Example requests and responses for the Unit Service.

=== Get all sections

Response body fields
include::{snippets}/sections/get-all-sections/response-fields.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/sections/get-all-sections/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/sections/get-all-sections/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get section by id

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/sections/get-section-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/sections/get-section-by-id/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/sections/get-section-by-id/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/sections/get-section-by-id/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/sections/get-section-by-id/http-response.adoc[]


=== Add section

Request body fields
include::{snippets}/sections/add-section/request-fields.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/sections/add-section/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/sections/add-section/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/sections/add-section/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/sections/add-section/response-body.adoc[]

=== Remove section

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/sections/remove-section/path-parameters.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/sections/remove-section/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/sections/remove-section/http-response.adoc[]


== Store Service
Example requests and responses for the Store Service.

=== Get all stores

Response body fields
include::{snippets}/stores/get-all-stores/response-fields.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/stores/get-all-stores/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/stores/get-all-stores/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get store by id

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/stores/get-store-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/stores/get-store-by-id/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/stores/get-store-by-id/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/stores/get-store-by-id/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/stores/get-store-by-id/http-response.adoc[]


=== Add store

Request body fields
include::{snippets}/stores/add-store/request-fields.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/stores/add-store/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/stores/add-store/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/stores/add-store/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/stores/add-store/response-body.adoc[]

=== Remove store

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/stores/remove-store/path-parameters.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/stores/remove-store/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/stores/remove-store/http-response.adoc[]

== Store Section Service
Example requests and responses for the Store Section relation. The essence of this relation is to determine
the order of sections in a given store.

=== Get all store sections

Response body fields
include::{snippets}/store-sections/get-all-store-sections/response-fields.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/store-sections/get-all-store-sections/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/store-sections/get-all-store-sections/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get store section by id

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/store-sections/get-store-section-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/store-sections/get-store-section-by-id/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/store-sections/get-store-section-by-id/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/store-sections/get-store-section-by-id/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/store-sections/get-store-section-by-id/http-response.adoc[]


=== Add store section

Request body fields
include::{snippets}/store-sections/add-store-section/request-fields.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/store-sections/add-store-section/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/store-sections/add-store-section/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/store-sections/add-store-section/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/store-sections/add-store-section/response-body.adoc[]

=== Remove store section

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/store-sections/remove-store-section/path-parameters.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/store-sections/remove-store-section/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/store-sections/remove-store-section/http-response.adoc[]


== Product Service
Example requests and responses for the Product Service.

=== Get all products

Response body fields
include::{snippets}/products/get-all-products/response-fields.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/products/get-all-products/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/products/get-all-products/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get product by id

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-by-id/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-by-id/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-by-id/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-by-id/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get product image

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-image/path-parameters.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-image/response-fields.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-image/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-image/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get product thumbnail image

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-thumb-image/path-parameters.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-thumb-image/response-fields.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-thumb-image/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/products/get-product-thumb-image/http-response.adoc[]

=== Add product

Request body fields
include::{snippets}/products/add-product/request-fields.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/products/add-product/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/products/add-product/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/products/add-product/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/products/add-product/response-body.adoc[]

=== Remove product

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/products/remove-product/path-parameters.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/products/remove-product/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/products/remove-product/http-response.adoc[]


== Cart Item Service
Example requests and responses for the Cart Item service.

=== Get all cart items

Response body fields
include::{snippets}/cart-items/get-all-cart-items/response-fields.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/cart-items/get-all-cart-items/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/cart-items/get-all-cart-items/http-response.adoc[]

=== Get cart item by id

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/cart-items/get-cart-item-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/cart-items/get-cart-item-by-id/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/cart-items/get-cart-item-by-id/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/cart-items/get-cart-item-by-id/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/cart-items/get-cart-item-by-id/http-response.adoc[]

=== Add cart item

Request body fields
include::{snippets}/cart-items/add-cart-item/request-fields.adoc[]
Response body fields
include::{snippets}/cart-items/add-cart-item/response-fields.adoc[]
Response body links
include::{snippets}/cart-items/add-cart-item/links.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/cart-items/add-cart-item/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/cart-items/add-cart-item/response-body.adoc[]

=== Update cart items

Request body fields
include::{snippets}/cart-items/update-cart-items/request-fields.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/cart-items/update-cart-items/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/cart-items/update-cart-items/response-body.adoc[]

=== Remove cart item

Path parameters:
include::{snippets}/cart-items/remove-cart-item/path-parameters.adoc[]
Sample request
include::{snippets}/cart-items/remove-cart-item/http-request.adoc[]
Sample response
include::{snippets}/cart-items/remove-cart-item/http-response.adoc[]